[docs] update 'EAS Build from scratch in 5 minutes' (#11213)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-build-in-5-minutes.md

The build should start short after the keystore is generated (and securely stored on Expo servers). EAS CLI will print a URL where you can monitor the progress of your build.

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/10-build-android-queued.png" /></center>

The build logs page looks like this:

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/11-build-android-logs.png" /></center>

Once the build completes you can download the app binary by either visiting the build details page (and clicking the download button), or by opening the URL printed by EAS CLI:

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/12-build-android-finished-web.png" /></center>
<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/13-build-android-finished-terminal.png" /></center>

## Building for iOS

To start an iOS build of your app, run `eas build --platform ios`.

Next, you'll be guided through generating the app's credentials. You'll be asked to login to the Apple Developer Portal and choose your team for the iOS project.

**Warning: If you've previously set up credentials for an app with the same slug, Expo CLI will try to reuse them.**

> The build should start short after than. Once it completes you can download the app binary the same way you did with the Android counterpart - either via the build status page or opening the URL that's printed to your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build should start shortly after that. Once it completes, you can download the app binary the same way you did with the Android counterpart - either via the build status page or opening the URL that's printed to your console.
```
